Rewrite synchronization and test-exec troubleshooting guides (#4735)
wix/Detox: docs/troubleshooting/element-matching.md

# Dealing with Element Matching Issues

The preferred matching technique is always matching based on test ID's.

> React Native only supports the `testID` prop on the native built-in components. If you’ve created a custom composite component, you will have to support this prop yourself. You should probably propagate the `testID` prop to one of your rendered children (a built-in component):

Author: Accepted

```jsx
export class MyCompositeComponent extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <TouchableOpacity testID={this.props.testID}>
        <View>
          <Text>Something something</Text>
        </View>
      </TouchableOpacity>
    );
  }
}
```

Now, adding `testID` to your composite component should work:

```jsx
render() {
  return <MyCompositeComponent testID='MyUniqueId123' />;
}
```

## Debug View Hierarchy

> You can also investigate the app’s native view hierarchy, this might shed some light on how the app’s view hierarchy is laid out and therefore why an element matching doesn't work (perhaps a test ID should be used, or the matcher should be improved).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When element matching fails, inspecting the **native view hierarchy** can help diagnose the issue. This allows you to see how elements are structured in the app and determine whether a **test ID is missing** or if the **matcher needs improvement**.  
```

> On iOS, one way this can be done is by using `xcode`. Do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS, you can use **Xcode** to visualize the native view hierarchy:  
```
